# simple setup file for testing

terrain 8 15 obstacle
terrain 7 14 obstacle
terrain 9 16 obstacle
terrain 7 12 obstacle
terrain 12 12 obstacle
terrain 15 15 obstacle
terrain 17 15 obstacle
terrain 19 15 obstacle
terrain 19 13 obstacle
terrain 13 4 obstacle
terrain 14 4 obstacle
terrain 13 4 obstacle
terrain 14 5 obstacle
terrain 14 6 obstacle
terrain 22 26 obstacle
terrain 23 26 obstacle
terrain 4 21 obstacle
terrain 4 20 obstacle
terrain 4 22 obstacle
terrain 2 10 obstacle
terrain 6 15 obstacle


stop    # stops further setup execution
